This program will start where every programming tutorial starts, printing the words "Hello, World!" to the screen. The goal of this is to learn the basic structure of a program and to learn to print text to the console.

Before reading the explanations, type the program into a document and save it as "p1.go". Once you have it all typed up, run `go run p1.go` from the directory. The `go` program is a compiler. It takes 'human readable' golang code and turns it into machine language that the computer can execute.

Line 1 tells the compiler that this is an executable package. For now, this is the only type of package you should worry about. Line 3 imports a package ("fmt" - the format package). This will let us print to the console (and a lot more later). Neither of these lines actually 'do' anything, but they are required to do anything.

Lines 5-8 are called the main function. This is where every program starts executing from. 'func main() {' is how every main function starts and '}' it always ends. This tells the program where to start. After the opening bracket is where the executable code goes.

Line 6 is a comment. The purpose of a comment is to document code in-line. All comments are ignored by the compiler and can say whatever the programmer wants. I use comments to document what the code I write actually does. This helps me remember what (and more importantly... why) I wrote the code 6 months later.

The one 'executable' line is on line 7. It prints the words "Hello, World!" to the screen. If you want to print other words, change the characters between the quotation marks. These must be double quotations (will be discussed later).

The character '\n' prints a newline. It is a single character.

Whitespace is for readability. I strongly recommend copying the whitespace style of the code I write until you develop your own style. It will make reading programs much easier.

Practice:
    1. Edit the program to print your name.
