Up until now, you have written code that used variables that directly contained a value. If you wanted to change that value, you used an assignment operator. a = 0 would seat the value stored in 'a' to 0. The variable a actually represents a location 'in memory.' That location has an address (it's a 64 bit unsigned integer memory address on most computers post 2005ish). The idea this program will demonstrate is how to indirectly change addresses using memory locations. This concept is really powerful, but beginning programmers often under-appreciate it. That said, we have to discuss it here because future programs will rely on a basic understanding of it.

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

Only four lines in this program contain new ideas (9, 10, 21, and 24), but you will want to look at a few more to get at the core idea.

On line 5, a variable 'i' is created. When we call setZeroRef() on line 18, a  the variable 'i' is created and some memory address is assigned. For this example, we will say that memory address is 0x0C (ignore the fact that this isn't enough digits). Before this is called, on line 14, we created a variable called 'one' and that variable has a memory address of '0xF0'.

When I call setZeroRef(one) on line 18, I lookup the value stored at '0xF0' and pass it to the memory location at "0x0C". When setZeroRef returns to main, the memory location at 0x0C is marked so the OS can reassign the memory location (note: the values are not removed... a discussion for a later day). Later, if the program called setZeroRef(one) again (if you put a loop around it), a new memory address would be generated.

When I change the value in the function setZerRef() to 0, nothing happens in main. That is because the variable in that function was destroyed.

On line 21, we pass the address of the variable 'one' (0xF0) to the function setZeroPtr(). On line 10, the value at the location (0xF0) is set to 0. This is the same location as the variable 'one' in main, so when we return to the main function, the variable 'one' has been set to zero. We see this when line 22 prints the value to the screen.

So now that it has been explained, let's look at the 4 lines with new code.

Line 9 declares the variable 'i' as an integer pointer. Any variable with an asterisk before it is a pointer. Pointers contain addresses that point to other variables with values in them (or even other addresses, multiple levels of dereferencing). A programmer should know that changing the value in 'i' is changing the address, not the value.

To change the value 'i' points at, you need something called a dereference operator (*). Line 10 is an example of using a dereference operator. *i is the value that i points at. In most programming examples, you will want to use "*i = ..." and not "i = ..." if i is a pointer. The examples where you want 'i = ...' are things like system calls and micro-controller code, not generic applications.  

On line 14, we created a generic int variable named 'one' and assigned it the value 1. Since I want to pass the location of 'one' to a pointer on line 21, I use the 'address of' operator (&).

Finally, something that might help illustrate the point of all of this is line 24. Line 24 is the same thing as saying `one = 1`. While the way it is written is not practical, if you understand that line, then you understand this lesson.

First, the address of one is retrieved (because of &). Then *(address of one) is set to 1. This means we set the value of the memory location pointed to by the address of one to 1.

This is like when you have a friend that 'knows everything'. If you ask that friend something that they don't know the answer, they direct you to someone else. You found your answer from a friend of a friend. This is how 'indirection' works and how pointers work.

----

There are no practice problems for this topic. It was important to cover here because you will start to see a lot of pointers when we start to cover struct types.
