This program demonstrates the ability to create a type. Almost nothing worth programming can be reduced to int, float, string, or another base type. If someone asked you to program a car, which of those types would you choose? Obviously, more complex things require more complex types. Structs will enable us to create more complex variable types.

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

First, struct is short for 'structure'. A struct allows you to create a structure of the variable type you want to create.

We're going to create a variable type that represents a person. The person type (for simplicity) will contain their name and age as well as their spouse and children information.

On line 38, we create our first person 'matt'. Instead of using an int type like many programs, we use the type 'person'. 'person' is not a built in type in go, so we had to create it. We created the person type on line 5 (we'll go back to this in a minute). After we define the variable matt as a person type, we initialize it with the following syntax:

variableType{...}

When defining a new person, we need to create a new 'instance' of a person. We do that by saying "person{...}". This instance will have specific values. We can define those values by explicitly saying what they are. "age: 32" sets that instance of a person's age to 32. If a particular field does not apply at the moment, it should be set to a special value. For integers, that value is usually 0. For strings, "". For bools, false. For float "0.0". For structs, that value is called nil. nil means nothing. Slices are like structs.

You can see that when you print a struct, the 'value' looks a bit silly. Some of the values are recognizable, but others are not. It is generally not good to just print a struct.

When you 'print structs', you want to print their values. We reference a structs value by starting with the particular instance of that struct we want (matt) and the particular variable we want to get out of the struct (lets say name) and putting a period between them (matt.name).

One of the reasons we talked about pointers before structs is on lines 41-49. I tried to set matt's age up one, but the first function (getOlder()) failed to work. An almost identical function (getOlderPtr()) used a pointer and it worked.

Line 55 defines a person as well. Notice I didn't use the explicit names in the struct? This is because Go will assume you want to fill the values of struct from the top down. The left most value goes into the top most variable. As you move right, the struct fills in values in variables lower and lower.

If you do not have the correct number of values or the correct value types in the correct locations, Go will trigger an error.

When passing structs to functions, you must use the address of (&) operator and you must pass it to a pointer type if you want changes to be made. Not doing this (like line 42) will result in failure.

You may have noticed that line 30 has a dereference operator on the person pointer typed variable (named 'p') while none of the other variables in other functions do. This is because go will handle this for you. Since programmers are lazy, they found a way to shorten (*p) to just p. Go does not need the deference operator on structs! (but it still needs it on regular types)

-------

Practice:
    1. Change the program so that Timmy's parents show up as Bob and Tammy. You must use the person type in displaying this information. (Hint: the person type currently does not support parents.)
