This program will demonstrate the types of basic values programs can handle and how to print them to the screen.

Before reading the explanation, type the code into an editor and save it as "p2.go". Then run it using `go run p2.go`

Lines 1-5 are copied from the previous program. I recommend typing this out again to help enforce the structure of a program.

Lines 6-11 are a multiline comment. Like single line comments, these are ignored by the compiler.

Line 13 prints "3 + 2 = 5" to the screen. Because "3 + 2 = " and 3 + 2 are different kinds of data (text versus number), they have to be separated by commas in the fmt.Print() function. You can put as many 'arguments' in the fmt.Print()

Line 15 does a similar thing to Line 13, except it replaces fmt.Print() with fmt.Println(...). fmt.Println() prints a new line character after it prints what is inside the parenthesis.

Try using Multiplication (\*) and division (/). There is also another operator for only whole numbers. For example, 5 / 2 = 2. (Not 2.5 like real math). This is because 2 and 5 are both whole numbers. The result of 5/2 is also going to be a whole number (rounded down, always). There is a remainder operator (%) that will tell you what the remainder of the division is. 5 % 2 = 1. This does not work with decimal numbers. Lines 17 & 18 show this.

Line 20 shows what happens when you use decimal numbers instead of whole numbers.

Line 22 shows something called 'string concatenation'. This is how you combine two strings into 1. The operator for this is the + sign.

All programs will build upon previous programming ideas, so it is imperative to understand what is going on in this program before moving onto the next. I strongly recommend completing the objectives.

Practice:
    - Show what happens if you mix decimal numbers and whole numbers.
    - Demonstrate what 6 / 2 * (1 + 2) is. [This was one of those "only geniuses can understand this" problems people post on facebook]
