This program demonstrates the ability to store values into named locations and use them in a program.

Before reading the explanation, type the code into an editor and save it as "p3.go". Then run it using `go run p3.go`

From now on, I will call 'whole numbers' integers (and abbreviate them 'int'), decimal numbers will be floating point numbers (floats), and text will be strings. These are 3 of the core data types in Go.

Variables are named values. Instead of typing the value, you can just type the name. Later, this makes changing values easier.

Before a variable can be used, it must be declared. To declare a variable, use the var keyword. The format of this is 'var variableName variableType'. Line 7,8, and 15 are examples of this.

Note: Variables can only be declared once.

Once a variable is declared, it must be assigned an initial value. This is called initialization. To do this, use the '=' (assignment) operator. The variable must be on the left and the type of variable on the left must be the same as the type of variable on the right.

Note: This is not the 'equals' operator. Do not call it this. It will be confusing later. (trust me) a = a + 1 means add 1 to a and and store it back in a. There is no value for a in which the left equals the right. Think of it like this: 'a <- a + 1'. The value on the right is stored into the value on the left.

Note: While variables can only be declared (and initialized) once, they can be assigned values as many times as you want.

There are two shorter methods of declaring and initializing. Line 11 shows how you can use the assignment operator on the same line as the var keyword.

If this is too long for you, then you can do what is on line 13. The ':=' operator means declare and initialize the variable on the left with the value and type on the right. You must keep track of what type of variable it is. The variable on the left must not have been declared before this.

Note: Naming your variables with easy to understand names is really helpful. While you can call your variables 'a' or 'pineapple' (or whatever), this may not be the most descriptive idea. It may make it harder to understand the code.

One final idea is the idea of a constant. The 'const' is a named value that can not have it's value reassigned and it must be initialized on the same line it is declared.

Unlike earlier, when I could multiply float and integer values, I can not multiply variables of float and integer type.
