The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the ability to take user input. It will ignore the notion of error checking and user input validation until later.

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

This program adds a few new packages to import. They do the following:
    - bufio handles buffered input and output.
    - os handles all of the os related things like standard input, output, and program execution (along with a lot more)
    - strings has a few functions that deal with the string type. We will use 'trim' to remove the '\n' character at the end of the user input.
    - strconv (string converter) will let us convert string inputs to numbers.

The goal of this program will be to take in two numbers and add them together.

Line 11 display's the prompt for the user to input a number. It does not collect any values, though. It is only a print. (This hasn't changed).

Lines 12 and 13 will create a reader that will read the standard input (console). Pressing enter will cause the reader to finish reading its value and store it into 'input'. For now, do not worry about what the ", _ " means. (ReadString returns two values and we are ignoring the second one - but this will be made clear later) For now, just worry about the fact that input contains the value of the user input and it is a string, always.

If the user inputs "12", the value in input is "12\n". This is because the user pressed enter (they had to). To remove this \n, use Line 14. Notice how input is on both sides of the = sign. On the right side, input is "12\n".  After Trim removes the \n, "12" will be stored into input. input is still a string.

Once we have trimmed off the extra characters, we will convert the string to an int. Line 15 shows you how to convert the value in the input buffer (string) into an int. Once this is done you can store it into num1. We do this to use num1 and num2 in arithmetic operations. Later we will use it in decision making.

Obviously, if the user inputs "ABC", it will throw an error (which we ignore for now). The value returned will be 0.

Notice how I changed the line 17 to remove ':' on the ':='. This is because input was already declared above. I am reusing the input variable (sometimes called an input buffer).

------

Practice:
    - Add a third number
    - Have it ask the user to input their name and print "Hello, <name>!"
