If statements execute code 1 time if a value is true. There is another 'flow control' structure like if-s that execute code repeatedly until a condition is false. These are called loops. This program will demonstrate the ability to use loops effectively.

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

In this section, there will be a lot of new terms. I will list them here to help prepare you for seeing them:
    1. Loop - a flow control structure that repeats a code block
    2. Definite Loop - a loop that has a pre-determined number of cycles; In other programming languages, this is called a for loop.
    3. Indefinite loop - a loop that stops after an event triggers the end; In other programming languages, this is called a while loop or a do/while loop. Go does not use the do or while keyword.
    4. Increment - to increase the value of a variable by 1.
    5. Decrement - to decrease the value of a variable by 1.
    6. Scope - the area where a variable is 'valid' (this applies to anything that uses {}.)
    7. Start/Stop/Step - The three things that control a definite loop.
    8. Loop control variable - the value of this variable determines when a loop stops. This variable must often be an int.

Lines 23-29 is what is called a 'definite loop.' It is called a definite loop because the number of times it will iterate are determined before the loop starts.

Line 23 show the format of a definite loop:
    `for start; stop; step {`

Definite loops are executed are executed in the following order:
    1. Set the loop control variable to the starting value (i is set to 'start')
    2. Check the stop condition (is i < stop?). If false, jump to the ending bracket of the loop.
    3. If true, execute the code within the loop (between the  {}).
    4. Increment/Decrement the step value (i = i + step)
    5. Go back to step 2.

On the first pass of this program, we will assume the user inputs 3. This is what will happen with the loop:

1. i will be set to 1 (the value of start).
2. it will check to see if i < stop. (1 < 3 is true).
3. It will jump down to the first line of the loop and execute the code. In this case, it is an if. i % 2 is 1. 1 == 0 is false. The if block is skipped.
4. The program will notice their is an else block and run the code inside of it.
5. "1 is odd." is printed to the screen.
6. The bottom of the loop is hit. The control will jump up to the step/increment. i = i + step (1 + 1 = 2 is stored into i).
7. Going back to the second step (i is now 2). 2 < 3? True.
8. Then the program will test the if... 2 % 2 is 0. 0 == 0 is true. The if block will execute.
9. "2 is even." is printed to the screen.
10. The else block is skipped and the bottom of the loop is hit. The control jumps back to the increment/step. 2 + 1 = 3. 3 is stored in i.
11. Now we check the stop condition. 3 < 3. False. The program control will now jump to the end of the loop (line 30) and resume executing.

If the user had input 5, it would have printed 4 lines to the screen. Regardless of how high of a number the user input, the same 7 lines would execute until all of the numbers (statements) are printed.

The loop is controlled by the value of 'i'. Hence it is called a 'loop control variable'. You might notice that i is not a very descriptive variable name. It is common to see i (which is short for 'index') to be used as the loop control variable. In the section talking about arrays and slices, it will make more sense. Other single letter variables are used if 'i' has already been used.

Note: Attempting to use the 'i' variable outside of the definite loop block (lines 24-28) will result in an error. This is because 'i' is not declared outside of the loop. 'i' is only allowed to be used inside of the loop. This is called its scope. If 'i' had been declared outside of the loop (like 'j' was), then it could be referenced outside of the loop. Any variables declared inside of the loop are only accessible inside of the loop and are deleted after the loop completes. Variables declared outside of the loop and used within the loop are not effected.

Lines 32-45 do the exact same thing as Lines 23-29, except this looping structure is called an indefinite loop. Indefinite loops are like definite loops with the following syntax:
    for ;true; {
        ...
    }

Notice how indefinite loops have no stop or step set. Feel free to remove the stop or step from a definite loop and see what happens when you run it. (be ready to press control+c). This causes an infinitely executing loop (an unending loop). Definite loops have their stop and step operations inside of their code block. Lines 34-36 are an if statement to perform the same job as a stop section in a definite loop and line 44 is the step section.

Note: `j += step` is shorthand for `j = j + step`

On Line 35, you will notice a new keyword, 'break'. Anytime the break keyword is executed while inside a loop, the loop immediately stops and control jumps to the line after the loop is over. In this case, it's line 47. If the user inputs 3, when j becomes 3 we want the loop to stop like the definite loop. This is how indefinite loops are stopped. If you remove or omit this line, the loop will run forever (or until you stop the program). The break keyword can be used inside of a definite loop for the same purpose, but is not required. It is required in an indefinite loop because there is no stop section.

Unlike a definite loop, indefinite loops can have whatever they want in their code block. If you want to move the if statement to the end, the loop will always execute the full code block once. This is not possible in a definite loop.

There is one final definite loop in this program. Lines 48-54 demonstrate a definite loop with the continue keyword. Continue works like break, except instead of stopping the loop, it just skips to the top again.

The loop divides 3 by numbers from -3 to 3. To avoid 3 / 0 (which will crash the program), we use an if statement to check for when 'k' is 0. If k is 0, then the loop will jump back to the top and step to the next value. Then it will check the stop condition and continue on as expected.

Note: k++ is short for k = k + 1 or k += 1. The same is true for k--. 'k--' is 'k = k - 1'. These are called increment and decrement operators. I will use them from now on. If you want to increment or decrement by more than 1, you will have to use either += or -=.

Continue and break are super helpful keywords when dealing with loops.

Like if statements, loops are one of the 4 fundamental programming concepts you must understand before you proceed. It is highly recommended that you spend some time learning what loops and ifs do. All future programs will assume you have an understanding of loops going forward.

---
    Practice:
        1. Count and display the number of even and odd numbers (both values). While this can be calculated without using the loop, do not do this. It will make sense later.
        1. Write a program (from scratch), that will do the following:
            - Count from 1 to 100.
            - Print all numbers that are not divisible by 3 or 5. (for example print 7, because 7 is not divisible by either number)
            - Print the word 'Fizz' if the number is divisible by 3.
            - Print the word 'Buzz' if the number is divisible by 5.
            - Print 'FizzBuzz' if the number is divisible by both 3 and 5.
        This program will require both loops and if statements. (Hint: A number is divisible by another if the remainder is 0. so 15 remainder(%) 3 equals 0 because 15 is divisible by 3)
        You can add a user input section to change how far the program counts to or to change where it starts (or both!). Does your program print anything if start > stop?
