This program will discuss the topic of using 1 name to represent a list of values instead of just 1 value. In programming this is called an array. Arrays exist in Go, but it is easier to talk about and work with something called a managed array or 'slice'. This program will cover slices. [Using unmanaged arrays are mainly useful when writing low level code like drivers, system calls, and the like. Future programs will cover this notion.]

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

In the past, when you wrote a program and called a variable 'bob', bob had a single value. That value might change, but it was never more than one value at any time. If you want to add all of the numbers a user inputs, you would need 1 variable per value the user input. But how do you know how many values the user will input?

With slices, we don't necessarily need to know how many. Every time the user inputs a valid input, it can be appended to the end of the slice.

Lets call a variable 'list'. The variable list is a slice. List will have 5 numbers (3,9,1,4,2). If I want to access a value in list, I just need to tell it what location it is at. This location is called an 'index' and indices always start at 0. So, if I want the 3 in list, I will need to tell the program to give me the 0 index of list. The syntax for this is `list[0]`. list[3] is 4 in this example. list[5] will throw an error. While there are 5 things in the list, 5 represents the 6th thing in the list. This is called an out of bounds error. list is only valid for (integer) indices between 0 and 4. Similarly, negative numbers are not valid indices.

While the concept of slices is simple (it's just a bunch of regular variables smashed together), there is a lot of stuff to learn about them. For example, a string is just a fancy byte slice (bytes are another fundamental type like integers. Bytes are integers between 0 and 255).

Every program from now on will be learning new things about if statements, loops, and slices as well as writing your own functions.

Line 8 shows how to declare a slice of integers. Initialization is not required, however, the first instance shows how to initialize a slice.

Lines 10-12 show how to access individual values in a slice. Line 14 shows how to print the entire slice. (In some languages, this would require a loop. Go hides the loop from the programmer)

Lines 16-19 demonstrate how to access smaller segments of a slice. This can be thought of as a 'slice' of a slice (per Google's tongue in cheek documentation). When taking a subsection of a slice, if the first element you want is the 0th, you are not required to put the zero (see Line 17). Similarly, if you want the last, you do not need the last number (which is the length of the slice). Yes, 'list[:]' returns a copy of the entire list.

If you want to check if two lists are the same, you will have to use lists. You can not do what is on lines 24-26. However, you can compare a list to 'nil' (no value). This means the list is empty.

Line 29 introduces the len() function. This will tell the user how many items are in a list. len()-1 is always the index of the last element. slices that are equal to nil (uninitialized) have length of 0.

Line 36 allows you to copy one slice to another. Always remember: the first slice is the source and the second is the destination. Reversing the two will delete your data. 

Lines 39 & 40 show that strings are slices of strings. This means everything above can be applied to any string type of data. (This does not apply to other primitives like int, float64, byte, bool, func, etc). There will be additional functions that are talked about in a future program that will make use of this fact.

Finally, lines 42-48 show a multi-dimensional slice and how it works just like a single dimensional slice. In this case, it is a 2-dimensional (it has rows and columns).

----

Practice:
    - Demonstrate the ability to create a 3-dimensional slice.
