This program demonstrates the relationship between a loop and a slice. While this introduces very little 'new' material, the concept is very important. This program will take in user input numbers until the user enters a negative number. After the user is done inputing, the program adds up all of the numbers and displays the result in an easy to read format.

Like all previous programs, it is highly encouraged to type the program in, compile it, and run before reading the explanation.

As I said, there is limited new material here, but the relationship between a loop, the loop control variable, and a slice is important to understand.

The first loop is an indefinite loop because it takes user input and appends it to the end of the slice. The loop must be indefinite since we do not know how many items the user will input. In this case, we use the append() function to add num (the user input number) to the end of list and then store this back in list. (This is line 26)

Line 29-31 takes all of the elements in the list and adds them together. This is a definite loop because we know how many items are in a list. We use the loop control variable to access each individual element in the list. You may recall when I said that we use the 'i' variable name because it is short for index. The loop control variable will be the index of the slice.

Now, what are the values of start, stop, and step? Why are those the values? Start will typically be the 0th element (if you are starting from the front). Stop will also likely be the last element (len() - 1). To avoid being off by one, we check if the index is less than (not equal to) the length. `i <= len(list) - 1` also works, if this helps you remember that you stop at the last element (note the equal sign). And to ensure we hit every element, we increment by 1.

The last thing we will talk about in this program is line 33. Line 33 starts a definite loop. Every time the loop iterates (goes from the top to the bottom and back), the values of 'k' and 'value' change. This is because k and value get their values from the range keyword.

Range returns two values (in this order). The first is the index (int type) and the second is the value at that index (list[k]). This makes the code more readable. These values are only valid within that for-loop. For those that have programmed in other languages, this is sometimes called a for-each loop. This is because the for loop goes over each of the elements.

---

Practice:
    - Add all of the numbers in the list, but do so from the last element to the first. (backwards from what is on line 29-31)

    - For a two dimensional slice, create two variables 'row' and 'column'. Fill the slice with values 0-24 (25 elements). Let the slice be 5x5 (5 rows and 5 columns). Show how to use arithmetic to get the values for row and column to get the value 11. list[2][1] is 11. This is another really important concept in understanding slices and arrays. 
