go-examples/README.md, before:

1. Preparation of the Environment
2. Hello, World!
    - Basic Program Structure
        - Package main
        - import
        - func main()
    - Printing to the screen
    - Comments
2.1) Testing and Debugging
3. Data Types
    - Values
    - String Concatenation
    - Arithmetic Operators
4. Variables
    - Types
    - Declaration
    - Initialization
    - Assignment
    - Constants
5. User Input
    - Taking user input
    - buffer input
    - trim newlines from input
    - Number parsing
6. Conditional Statements
    - Bool Types
    - Boolean Operators
    - If/Else/Else-If
7. Looping Structure
    - Definite Loop
    - Indefinite Loop
    - break
    - continue
7.5) Advanced topics
    - Nesting
8. Slices/Arrays
    - declaration
    - Difference between a slice and an array
    - len()
    - Strings
9. Integrating slices and loops
    - Range
    - Maps
10. Functions
    - func
    - parameters
    - return
    - multiple returns
    - variable parameters
11. Strings
12. Pointers
    - Pointers
    - Reference by Value
    - Reference by Address
13. Structs
14. Functions/Methods of a struct
15. Interfaces
16. Packages
    - Splitting programs into multiple files
    - Importing custom packages
    - Aliases
17. Error Handling
18. Files (IO)
19. Exec
20. Command Line arguments and flags
21. Closures
22. go keyword

Commit message:

Saved README.md this time

go-examples/README.md, after:

This repository contains a group of examples I wrote for introductory Go programming.

Below is a list of items I intend(ed) to implement, but all of these items (and more) are available across Github/Google/Reddit/the Internet.

1. Preparation of the Environment
2. Hello, World!
    - Basic Program Structure
        - Package main
        - import
        - func main()
    - Printing to the screen
    - Comments
2.1) Testing and Debugging
3. Data Types
    - Values
    - String Concatenation
    - Arithmetic Operators
4. Variables
    - Types
    - Declaration
    - Initialization
    - Assignment
    - Constants
5. User Input
    - Taking user input
    - buffer input
    - trim newlines from input
    - Number parsing
6. Conditional Statements
    - Bool Types
    - Boolean Operators
    - If/Else/Else-If
7. Looping Structure
    - Definite Loop
    - Indefinite Loop
    - break
    - continue
7.5) Advanced topics
    - Nesting
8. Slices/Arrays
    - declaration
    - Difference between a slice and an array
    - len()
    - Strings
9. Integrating slices and loops
    - Range
    - Maps
10. Functions
    - func
    - parameters
    - return
    - multiple returns
    - variable parameters
11. Strings
12. Pointers
    - Pointers
    - Reference by Value
    - Reference by Address
13. Structs
14. Functions/Methods of a struct
15. Interfaces
16. Packages
    - Splitting programs into multiple files
    - Importing custom packages
    - Aliases
17. Error Handling
18. Files (IO)
19. Exec
20. Command Line arguments and flags
21. Closures
22. go keyword
